feat: polkadot-api@1.2.0 (#26)
polkadot-api/polkadot-api-docs: docs/pages/typed/tx.md

# Transactions

Preparing, signing, and broadcasting extrinsics is one of the main purposes of `polkadot-api`. There are two ways to create transactions in PAPI, and will see both of them in this page.

## `tx.Pallet.Call`

> In order to create a transaction directly in PAPI (without a pre-made call data) the object `api.tx` has to be used. Every `typedApi.tx.Pallet.Call` available in the chain has the following structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to create a transaction directly in PAPI (without a pre-made call data) use the object `typedApi.tx`. Every `typedApi.tx.Pallet.Call` available in the chain has the following structure:
```

nit, I think it reads better as a docs/guide :)

Author: I like it!

# Transactions

Preparing, signing, and broadcasting extrinsics is one of the main purposes of `polkadot-api`. There are two ways to create transactions in PAPI, and will see both of them in this page.

> ## `txFromCallData`

Reviewer: should we have this as the second option instead? I think the most used use case is through `tx.Pallet.Call`

Author: Sounds good 👍🏻

> This option will just take a `Binary` call data and pack the transaction from it. It will validate the input when creating it, and throwing an error otherwise. It will create the transaction asynchronously if you just pass the call data, and synchronously if you pass an already awaited compatibility token!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option will just take a `Binary` call data and pack the transaction from it. It will validate the input when creating it, throwing an error otherwise. It will create the transaction asynchronously if you just pass the call data, and synchronously if you pass an already awaited compatibility token!
```

Its interface is:

```ts
interface TxFromBinary {
  (callData: Binary): Promise<Transaction>
  (callData: Binary, compatibilityToken: CompatibilityToken): Transaction
}
```

Very simple. Let's see it with an example:

```ts
const callData = Binary.fromHex("0x00002c50415049203c3320444f54")

// without compatibility token it's a promise
const tx: Transaction = await api.txFromCallData(callData)

const token = await api.compatibilityToken
// with token is sync!
const txSync: Transaction = api.txFromCallData(callData, token)
```

## `tx.Pallet.Call`

In order to create a transaction directly in PAPI (without a pre-made call data) the object `api.tx` has to be used. Every `typedApi.tx.Pallet.Call` available in the chain has the following structure:

```ts
interface TxEntry<Arg> {
  (data: Arg): Transaction
  isCompatible: IsCompatible
  getCompatibilityLevel: GetCompatibilityLevel
}

type Transaction = {
  sign: TxSignFn
  signSubmitAndWatch: TxObservable
  signAndSubmit: TxPromise
  getEncodedData: TxCall
  getEstimatedFees: (
    from: Uint8Array | SS58String,
    txOptions?: TxOptions,
  ) => Promise<bigint>
  decodedCall: Enum

> }

Reviewer: Maybe it's still interesting to leave this Transaction type, as a summary. Maybe down below to the new section you have created for it?

Author: Yep, I meant to move it, not remove it 👍🏻
